And so just to recap what
we've done starting from 0,
we saw how that we could use the
Angular CLI to generate a lot of stuff,
IE components,
services interfaces very, very quickly.
And so,
when you're building an application,
especially from the ground up,
I recommend leverage the CLI to the max.
And then from there,
we have successfully went upon a journey,
an epic journey to build out
a master detail view in Angular
that not only uses component
driven architecture,
but communicates with a RESTful API.
And so for
me when I am working with developers and
mentoring them, or
as part of an engagement that I'm
training developers kind of
that first step that I wanna
get new developers to is to be
able to write an application
that can successfully
complete a full crud cycle.
So let's create, read, update.
And delete.
And so in this case,
what we have is we've been able
to consume courses from
a remote courses API,
which we can see here,
and then display that.
But then also, we have the ability
to select it, edit it, update it.
And in doing so
we have seen how to wire up
routing to route from one, kinda one.
Let's say section of the app to
the other and then as well using forms,
we have the ability to capture a bind
to a data structure or a model,
update it and then save it back out and
push it to the data layer.
The one thing that I think
is important to mention that
I have said a few times is
that when you are dealing with
forms because they are mutated by nature,
that it's important to one,
encapsulate that form into
a standalone component,
but then also isolate that mutation.
And how we did that is by taking
the object that we wanted to bind to and
then just creating a copy of that.
We also had a pretty interesting
discussion about why I
personally am not convinced that
reactive forms provide as much
value as the marketing brochures
would leave you to believe.
Because I think everything that you
do can be done with in a lot of ways,
way more efficiently using
template driven forms.
And so here we are at the end
of this journey with what
I would consider to be a really
good cut at what has all
the makings of being a non
trivial application.
And so I'd say from here, kind of
that next step would be to dig into
enterprise angular patterns,
enterprise angular development as a whole,
just enterprise angular
development as a whole and
start to look at how to expand
upon this by implementing NGRX.
And also I recommend Cypress,
and instead tools and
just looking at ways to take this, and
then just incrementally expanded out into
an application that maybe has 3,
4 or 5 features,
as well as the ability to log in and
log out etcetera, but.
If you've made it this far,
thank you so much.
I really,
really appreciate the time that we've
spent over the course of this workshop.
And as always, please hit me up
on Twitter if you get stuck,
or you do something awesome,
or something awesome happens.
In your programming journey,
this is why I love to do this.
And your success is ultimately my success.
So I appreciate everybody who
has attended this workshop.
And anybody in the future, yes,
I'm talking to you, who goes through
this workshop, and I really hope
that you build better things better.